>> Mike North: This one
should be relatively easy.
Our job is to build a place search
container component that wraps
around our play search list.
And its job is to manage state but
not trigger any of its own re-rendering.
So basically, what I'm aiming that
we do here is, take away some of
the responsibility from the app component
and move it into another component.
And it's our job to implement
that in this phase.
So we've gone from the presentation only.
We had to implement that another list and
now the thing that's basically sending out
the API calls and
then we're gonna go even one level deeper.
So I'll show you what
this exercise looks like.
How the starting point is a little
different from the last one.
>> Mike North: All right, so our app.tsx.
You see it right away.
This is ultra minimal, there is nothing
going on here of interest, right?
This should be a quicker
exercise by the way.
So app.tsx,it was
previously doing some work.
It previously had some state.
Now it's a stateless functional component
that doesn't even have any props.
Right and it's just its job is to
basically put this thing on the screen.
This place search container, it has
a function here called begin search.
Which think of that,
sorry I changed my convention slightly.
Formally known as tri-search.
I did this cause I didn't have
a tri-catch and I felt like,
Try seems to imply that there is some
insulation from failure and there is not.
So begin search, same thing as try search.
So you are gonna want to have you placed
search result list,
which is already set up for you, right?
This is your play search result list,
the thing that we just solved.
That's already here waiting for
you, a version of it that's basically
the same that's what we built, right?
So here's our search result and
you can see like the different items for
the different scenarios.
So like we've got that check mark there.
Now, it's our job to basically
do the non-visual stuff
that drives this component.
And feel free to refer back to the app
component from the last exercise,
but I want us to lay
the foundation out here.
Now, we've got a new module in place.
Called autocomplete.ts.
>> Mike North: And
this is we've taken our async function and
we've just refactored it out
into another file, that's all.
Now, we're still awaiting,
we're logging some stuff out here just so
that we can see like at different
phases what's happening.
Just kind of keeping track of
how things are progressing.
This still is a promise,
this async function store all
kind of promise that resolves two
place details just as before.
So your task now is to
leverage this autocomplete.js,
flesh out the begin search function in
this place search container component.
And basically hook it up in
some way to this ready made
place search result component.
So that it behaves just as it did as where
we left off in the previous solution.
So you see, the theme here is, you kind
of get everything in the app except
your target exercise and
now we've moved like one level upstream.
And then finally, we're going to actually
take care of the async await stuff
on our own in the exercise after this one.
And then we will have like,
touched all areas and
at some point have implemented each aspect
of this little autocomplete example.
So everyone understand what
the instructions are here?
So you shouldn't be doing much visual
stuff here you should just be sort of
handling the asynchrony and the promises
and dealing with state manipulation.
This is a container component that
it should not be doing, like for
a container component, it's job is
basically to render something else.
Let it take care of the complicated
visual presentation and
its job is just to manage state.
So let's take a half hour for that and,
let's just do 20 minutes, this is one is
a little bit easier than the last one.
So at 2:50 will go through the solution
and then will dive into this last one.
Which should be a little bit more involved
but it's like the weight lifting for
a single weight, where you will
understand how this works in depth.
You have a very high chance of being able
to wrangle this in even complex scenarios
once we implement our own version of it.